Task 2: Static Analysis and Code Review

In this task I used the static analysis tool SonarQube,which is recommanded in the home assignment description. I followed the guide and learned the usage of this tool on Youtube. Everything is finished by my own.   In the lab of this subject, lecturer taught us to use SonarCloud to analyze a java project with Maven, but here we are doing this for a Csharp project, so here I use .Net version to build the static analyze.

After running the build, I found 8 bugs and 1.2k code smells.

Bugs:
1. 1st type is the Re-declaration, here why SonarQube signaled that this is a bug because we are just assigning values to the same variable in different row, that only the last value would to be assigned to it, but actually this isn't a bug.Indeed we are using this variable to generate a new value for itself. Static analysis sometimes recognizes such kind of scenarios as a bug, that's why we need code review here. Here I just created new variable for every row when we assign the value to the variable, and assign the last value to the variable we would actually use.

2. 2nd type is the NullReferenceException: here the SonarQube signaled this bug for the reason of the variable can be a null value which influences the running of the process. Here we can just check if the variable is null or not before using it.

Code Smells:
    Generally there are the following type of code smells:
    1.Sealing classes
    2.Defining the exact Exception type
    3.Commented codes
    4.Rename and refactor classes to comply with rules
    Even though here are such much code smells, but they don't influence the actual running of the program.

Checking: This part is checked by Gao Yuan